---
layout: post
title: Christmas Beardness
---


Before looking forward, just a quick look back to November’s walk on the Wild Side at the White Hart Brew Pub Whitechapel.  I think we all enjoyed the products of this new Brew pub, although I hope they don’t run out of dark beers next time, but I must comment on the food.  For those who missed the meet, you missed out big time on what everyone I spoke to agreed was the best roast of the year.  No wonder this pub has such a high reputation for its food.  I am sure we will be coming back next November, so if you enjoy good food, along with the good beer, make sure you have a spot reserved in your diary for next November.

Now, the main purpose of this post is Capital Beards’ Christmas Festivities which will be held in the Royal Standard, 1 Sheldon Street, East Croydon CR0 1SS on Saturday December 6th.  I am sure most of our members are familiar with this pub, but for those that aren’t, this is a quiet back street pub – a proper “locals” pub where we are always made very welcome.  They carry a fairly comprehensive range of Fullers (and Gales) beers and usually have two guest beers on offer.  As we will all be getting in the festive spirit, George has negotiated a one course Christmas lunch followed by cheese board for the remarkable price of £6. So I hope to see you all there.  Bob will be providing separate detail of how to get there.  I am leaving it to Bob, as firstly, he is local to the pub, and secondly he can tell his left hand from his right (don’t ask!).

Your organisers are busy negotiating a special further event that may take place in December.  Many of you will be familiar with the Australian band, the Beards.  Some of us made it to their Gig in the Borderline in February where they proved to be more than just a novelty band singing about beards – they are very competent musicians as well, but they are certainly passionate about beards.  That tour went so well, they are back this December.  We are having discussions about the Beards meet the British Beard Club.  The venue has been chosen – The Cock Tavern, Hoxted at 315 Mare Street E8 1EJ.  Until Hoxted got so trendy, this pub was in Hackney, but it is now always referred to as being in Hoxted.  Anyway, if you like the products from the local Howling Hops Brewery, this is the place to come.  The management of the band is currently considering whether they can fit in this event and as soon as anything is decided it will be posted on the British Beard Clubs main website as the invitation will be going out to all the other Thatches, so watch that space.  If this fails to materialise, the Beards are playing at the Scala Kings Cross on Thursday 18 December.

