---
layout: post
title: January 2015 Meeting
---
Well I hope all you Capital Beards and British Beard Club members had a
wonderful Christmas and now the festivities are over it is now time to start
planning for the New Year.  Sunday 11 January sees a return to the Aeronaut at
264 Acton High Street W3 9BH.

Acton is an interesting place.  Fans of Only Fools and Horses will be
interested to learn that the building described as “Nelson Mandela House”
Peckham is – in reality – Harlech Tower, Acton.  Acton was also the birthplace
of the Who, with three of them attending Acton County Grammar School.  Acton
has more claims to fame – it is the only place in the UK to have seven railway
stations bearing its name which leads to an embarrassment of choice regarding
public transport.  One of the best options is to walk north from Acton Town
Station on the Piccadilly and District lines.  You could also walk south down
Horns Lane from Acton Main Line, or – if you favour the Richmond line – Acton
Central is your stop – just walk south until you hit the A 4020 – the Uxbridge
Road – where a right turn will take you to the pub.

Those of you who came last year will recall that the Aeronaut boasts an onsite
brewing company ran by Laines of Brighton meaning you can get a pint straight
from barrel to bar. You can practically smell the hops. One of the beers they
are currently brewing is the 3.7APV Acton Ale.  I can’t remember what it tastes
like, but it certainly sounds like good session ale. The Aeronault are also
proud of their selection of Sunday roasts.  So I hope to see you all there.
Just one more thing to tempt you along – as regulars will know, our socials
generally end with a visit to other local hostelries and while in Acton, we
will certainly check out the nearby George and Dragon – the home of the
excellent Dragonfly Brewery.
